You have it, so what if you have it?
Lin Fan, stop grandstanding here
You don't pee. Take a picture of yourself
What right do you have to question Xu Yaoyu here?
Today as long as I don't agree
You can't take this Dawan Group away
I can understand as
Are you questioning the Vice President?
use influence for personal gain
Reverse the crime of black and white, I question him
It's all clear and bold
You can enforce the law of summer
What is your sin to offend this officer?
Lord Li, do you know that according to the Great Xia Body Law
Corrupt officials like you
What a crime
Hahaha
Judge me I failed to meet my human rights
In power
No one can judge me
I still want to go
What do these beasts do with criminals?
Pro-anti slander
cave discrimination
Fa-rectification on the spot
Obey and watch
In this Jiangdong dare to provoke my godfather Li Gang
That's it.
Fix him
Will regret it
regret
In Jiangdong, I am the sky
The person I regret hasn't been born yet
Take it down wait a minute
Humph